Move System.Diagnostics.Process lengthy remarks to files (#5360)
dotnet/dotnet-api-docs: includes/remarks/System.Diagnostics/Process/ErrorDataReceived.md

The <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.ErrorDataReceived> event indicates that the associated <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> has written a line that's terminated with a newline (carriage return (CR), line feed (LF), or CR+LF) to its redirected <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StandardError%2A> stream.

The event only occurs during asynchronous read operations on <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StandardError%2A>. To start asynchronous read operations, you must redirect the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StandardError%2A> stream of a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process>, add your event handler to the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.ErrorDataReceived> event, and call <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.BeginErrorReadLine%2A>. Thereafter, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.ErrorDataReceived> event signals each time the process writes a line to the redirected <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StandardError%2A> stream, until the process exits or calls <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.CancelErrorRead%2A>.

> [!NOTE]

> >  The application that is processing the asynchronous output should call the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> method to ensure that the output buffer has been flushed. Note that specifying a timeout by using the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit(System.Int32)> overload does *not* ensure the output buffer has been flushed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The application that's processing the asynchronous output should call the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> method to ensure that the output buffer has been flushed. 
Specifying a timeout by using the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit(System.Int32)> overload does *not* ensure the output buffer has been flushed.
```
